VIN & Dealer Code Check
1. Run and print Carfax Vehicle History Report and attach. Run a Techstream Health Check and retain the diagnostic report in dealer file. Check for and perform outstanding Recalls and applicable SSCs

Road Test
2. Cold engine operation performs properly
3. Throttle operates properly during cold start
4. Vehicle operates properly during warm-up conditions
5. Engine performs properly during operating temperature
6. Engine reaches normal operating temperature
7. Engine fan(s) operate properly
8. Brake pedal free play and travel within specifications
9. No abnormal vibrations and noises during brake applications
10. ABS operates properly (via Techstream Health Check)
11. Parking brake operates properly and within specification
12. Seat belt material condition
13. Seat belts operate properly with full extension and smooth operation
14. Transmission/clutch operates smoothly
15. Automatic transmission operates properly during cold temperature
16. Automatic transmission operates properly during operating temperature
17. Steering has normal feel in lock-to-lock turning
18. Steering wheel centered in straight-line driving
19. Vehicle tracks and drives straight on level surface
20. Tilt and telescopic steering mechanism operates properly
21. Front windshield wiper operates properly in all modes
22. Rear windshield wiper operates properly in all modes
23. Windshield washer fluid sprays properly
24. Replace wiper blade/inserts and ensure clear glass properly
25. Wipers return to correct position when off
26. Speedometer functions properly
27. Odometer application registers mileage in every mode
28. Cruise control operates properly
29. Heater operates properly
30. A/C operates properly
31. No abnormal noise or vibration from engine
32. No excessive wind or road noise
33. No abnormal tire vibration/steering wheel shimmy during road test
34. No abnormal squeaks/rattles within the interior of the vehicle

Frame, Structure & Underbody
35. Frame/Unibody condition
36. Panel alignment and fit
37. Lower body and underbody condition
38. Suspension-related items for wear/leaks and proper performance
39. Inspect struts/shocks for leaks and wear
40. Power steering system operates properly with no leaks
41. Wheel covers secure and reasonably free of damage
42. Tires are inflated to specification and free of defects and damage
43. Minimum of 5/32" tread depth remaining across tread width 
44. All four tires must be of same brand, model, size, tread design, speed and load rating per OEM vehicle specifications 
45. Brake calipers and lines operate properly with no signs of damage
46. The brake system contains all needed equipment (shim kit, pins, rattle clips, etc.)
47. Brake pad/shoe linings have a minimum thickness of 50% remaining
48. Brake rotors/drums within specifications with no abnormal grooving and discoloration
49. Exhaust system is properly secured with no leaks
50. Engine/transmission mounts operate properly with no signs of wear
51. Drive/axle shafts operate properly with no damage
52. CV joints/boots operate properly with no signs of wear
53. Inspect engine for fuel, oil, coolant or other fluid leaks 
54. Inspect transmission case and pan for leaks
55. Differential fluid level correct with no leaks
Emissions & State Inspection
56. Perform emissions test and/or state inspection, if required

Under Hood
57. Drive belts and hoses free of cracks and damage
58. Confirm under-hood labels and decals
59. Air filter in good condition
60. Battery has no visible damage
61. Perform battery check with Midtronics GR8
62. Battery posts and cables free of corrosion and damage
63. Battery properly sized and secure
64. Charging system operating properly and within specification
65. Engine coolant level within specification
66. Coolant specific gravity to -31° Fahrenheit 
67. Change engine oil and filter
68. Check for evidence of oil gel
69. Oil, brake, clutch, transmission, transfer case, power steering and washer fluid at proper levels
70. Under-hood fluids clear and uncontaminated

Functional & Walkaround
71. Owner’s Manual and TCUV Warranty Supplement in dealer’s possession
72. Fuel gauge operational
73. Battery voltage gauge operational
74. Engine temperature gauge operational
75. Horn operates properly
76. Airbag(s) present with no evidence of deployment
77. Headlights are properly aligned
78. High and low beams operate properly
79. Tail lights operate properly
80. Brake lights operate properly
81. Side marker lights operate properly
82. Backup lights operate properly
83. License plate lights operate properly
84. No cracked, deeply hazed/yellowed or broken lenses of exterior lights
85. Instrument panel/warning lights operate properly
86. HVAC panel/lights operate properly
87. Instrument panel light dimmer operates properly
88. Turn signals operate properly and self-cancel
89. Hazard flashers operate properly
90. Rear-view interior mirror operates properly
91. Exterior mirrors’ operation and condition
92. Remote mirror control operates properly
93. Glass free of cracks, stars and large chips
94. Window tinting clear and conforms to local requirements
95. Dome/courtesy lights operate with door cycles
96. Windows operate properly
97. Window locks operate properly
98. Power windows operate from master switch and all door switches
99. Audio/CD/Aux system working properly, CD cartridge present (if equipped)
100. Audio speakers do not rattle at high volume and function properly
101. Antenna is present and functional
102. Clock operates properly
103. 12v ACC power outlet operates properly
104. Ashtrays (if equipped) are present and operate properly
105. Headliner, sun visors, dash pad, upholstery, console, cup holders, trim panels and carpet are in place, in good condition and operate properly
106. Driver floor mat (if equipped) is appropriate OEM floor mat for the vehicle, properly secured and not stacked on top of another floor mat
107. Doors open and close properly
Door locks, including child safety locks, operate properly
Remote keyless entry system and smart key system operate properly
2 Master keys are present
Theft deterrent system operates properly
Seat adjustments and seat heater(s) operate properly
Memory seat control operates properly
Headrests function properly
Defogger indicator light operates properly
Rear defogger operates properly
Luggage compartment light operation and trim appearance
Luggage compartment is clean, free of debris, no stains
Hood and luggage compartment latches operate properly
Interior remote luggage compartment release operates properly
Emergency trunk release operates properly
Fuel door release operates properly
Spare tire’s cover appearance and condition
Spare tire or inflator kit present
Spare tire has correct air pressure and a minimum of 5/32" tread remaining
No signs of damage to spare tire
Spare tire and storage areas are clean
Spare tire is securely fastened
Jack and tools are correct, present and secured
Acceptable aftermarket items checked
Removal of unacceptable aftermarket items
Body surface condition
Exterior is washed, clean and free of water spots
Paint is free of swirl marks and has an even, high luster
Paint is free of removable scratches
Paint is free of wax residue
Wheels/wheel covers are clean
Wheel wells are clean
Tires are clean and properly dressed
Engine compartment is clean
Engine compartment under-hood heat insulator pad is clean
Engine and compartment are properly dressed
Interior is free of debris
Dash and vents are clean and properly dressed
All crevices are clean
Ashtrays and lighter are clean (if equipped)
Door jambs are clean
Glove box and console compartments are clean
Cabin air filter condition
Seats, carpets, floor mats (if equipped) and headliner are free of stains
Free of odor, including heavy fragrance
Glass is clean and free of streaks
Body is free of all dents
Body is reasonably free of dings
Paint is reasonably free of scratches and chips
Vehicle is free of improper paint repairs or mismatched color
Glass is free of improper repairs
Bumpers are free of cuts, gouges and mismatched paint
Interior leather, vinyl, plastic, carpet and fabric surfaces are free of holes, rips, tears, excessive wear or fading
No evidence of previous improper interior repairs